If you're a business owner who wants to
get more views, more leads, and more
customers with your organic content,
then you're going to want to see this.
I've helped over 47 business owners grow
over 100,000 followers and at the bare
minimum double their monthly revenue in
doing so. And one of the most effective
mechanisms that has helped me do that is
what I call the private video review
portal inside of my premium content
program, Nexus. Now, what this means is
every single week, I give each Nexus
member personalized and detailed video
breakdowns, analyzing their videos
second by second and showing them
exactly what is working in their current
content strategy and what optimizations
need to be made so that their content
can go to the next level. And in this
video, I'm going to pull back the
curtains to three of these private video
review breakdowns so that you can gather
the key takeaways from these video
breakdowns and implement them into your
content strategy today and take your
content to the next level. Starting with
the first video breakdown of Simon. Now,
Simon is one of the best in-person
fitness business coaches in the world.
And in this video breakdown, I point out
one of the most common mistakes that
people make in their hooks that kills
your views. I go over an advanced
scripting technique that goes into
creating what is called a linear
narrator structure inside of your video.
I gloss over the trinity of value,
giving him steps on how to make his
video more valuable. And I go over how
to make blueberry [__] pancakes. What
does that mean? Well, looks like you're
about to find out.
>> All righty. Hello, handsome. So, before
we even go over anything, let's go and
watch the video together.
>> If your clients suck when it comes to
taking action and being consistent, you
need to punish them. Here's how to do it
with a simple spreadsheet, which
doesn't, however, make you come across
like a dick. Step number one, create a
spreadsheet in Google Sheets with these
five following columns. Column number
one, the date of their session with you.
Column number two, the client's weight
that day. Column number three, type of
session you're going to train that day.
Column number four, the goal for that
week. And last but not least, column
number five, a friendly punishment. Step
two, once you've created the
spreadsheet, make a copy for each client
and fill it in at the start of their
session with them. Now, here's the juicy
part. In column number five, the
friendly punishment, write down a
consequence that will happen if your
client doesn't reach the goal from
column number four. For example, pick an
exercise the client hates, like burpees,
and have fun while doing this. Now, why
this works so good is once you set a
punishment, your client will be thinking
of you 24/7. Which means next time when
they're thinking about cheating on their
diet in the back of their mind, they'll
be thinking about the consequence you've
set and the punishment they'll get in
their next session if they do follow
through with it. In turn, reducing the
chances of them making the mistake. If
you want the spreadsheet that me and my
clients are using to hold our clients
accountable, drop the word spreadsheet
below and I'll send it directly to you.
Number one, this is so much clearer of a
video than it was than what was created
previously. Within the past 20 videos, I
can definitely say that there is a huge
jump from what we were creating now
versus what we were creating 2 months
ago. The solution is much clearer. It is
something that I can actually is
tangible value that I can actually go
take and implement. And it's not like
you're telling me what to do like you
were previously, but now you're telling
me how to do it. So, great job there.
And that is a good direction. That is a
good overall direction that we're
beginning to take. Now, when it comes to
the actual value itself, I was there's
probably three main contributing factors
on why this video would not be
considered valuable. Number one, I don't
understand the clear outcome that I'm
going to achieve from watching this
video, especially from the first 10
seconds. So, if we listen to this,
>> if your clients suck when it comes to
taking action and being consistent, you
need to punish them. Here's how to do it
with a simple spreadsheet which doesn't
however make you come across like a
dick.
>> Okay. Why do I have to do this? What is
my benefit in punishing them? Does it
sound kind of controversial? Slightly.
But outside of that, why would I watch
this? What is my own personal benefit
that is not addressed within the first
10 seconds? What is the clarity of
outcome on either something I'm doing
incorrectly with it being obviously
going to teach me the correct way to do
so? or what is the desirable outcome
that you're going to help me achieve the
steps that you give in your video. I
don't feel as if that either one of
those two are addressed and I don't
understand why I would do all of this
work that you're about to tell me to do
without even telling you why it's
important in the first place. Then you
go directly into step one. However, I
don't know how many steps are in this
video, which is a problem for two
reasons. One, I don't have any safety as
the viewer. So, for example, if I can
tell you, hey, Simon, here's a video
teaching you how to do X, Y, and Z, but
it's 99 steps. It's like, whoa, 99
steps? That's a lot of [__] steps. I
mean, I don't want to do that. However,
if they say, hey, we'll teach you how to
do it in three simple steps. It's like,
oh, okay, three simple steps. Cool. What
are they? You didn't give them that
safety of here's how many steps during
this video. Also, on top of that, I'm
kind of just moving aimlessly. I don't
necessarily have any prediction on when
the video is going to end. And in that
that even lowers the value of the video
because I don't have prediction on what
the next step is going to be. For
example, go to say, "Hey, Simon, we're
going to bake a cake. Step one is to put
the cake batter in the pan." Step two is
to put the cake batter in the oven. What
is step three? Think about it. Say it
out loud. Obviously, would be to take
the cake batter out of the oven. And
you're only able to predict that because
I gave you the constraint of how many
steps there are in the process. With
that said, this is called a linear
narrative structure that you need to set
at the beginning of your video. Watch
this mastermind. It'll go in depth on
how to create your linear narrative
structure on what to do to begin your
before you begin your step one, step
two, step three. That way you get the
viewer safety and that there's
prediction within what's going to come
next. And then directly after this, I
mean your depiction is just flow. So if
you watch this mastermind, this goes
into the trinity of value. So it makes
the video actually valuable. You have
the clear solution which is taking a
viewer from A to B. A being the
undesirable result, B being the
desirable result. And in that clear
solution,
is that is that solution very
depictable? Meaning, is your solution?
Can I can I see myself taking the
actions that you that you say to take in
the in the video? And are those actions
worth it right now? Could I see myself
doing it? Maybe. Have I do do I foresee
it being worth it? You're telling me to
do a lot of work without telling me why
I'm even doing it because there's no
clarity of outcome that you set
previously.
So, is taking these steps worth it? At
this current point in time, no. And
you're just going to go over do this, do
this, do this, do this, do this. But I
don't want to watch do this, do this, do
this, do this, do this, do this, cuz I
don't know why I would do it in the
first place. So, that would be the
second biggest thing on where we were
lacking within the video. It's just
going to be first off, there's no clear
solution. I don't know what I'm going to
achieve. There's no clarity about
conveyed in the beginning. But then
after that, whenever I actually start
giving the quotequote value, I don't
foresee it to be valuable because I
don't know what I'm going to achieve.
Therefore, me taking these steps in my
mind as a viewer, it's not worth it. So,
this mastermind, I'd give it a look.
It's about it's about probably a
30-minute presentation. I think it will
give you a lot of clarity. Then you have
the end of here. If you want the
spreadsheet that me and my clients are
using to hold our clients accountable,
drop the word spreadsheet below and I'll
send it directly.
>> First off, editor, whoever's editing
this, uh, actually, I know who sent me
this. That guy, he's doing a good
[__] job. I'm going to put that out
there. Secondly, whenever it comes down
to giving someone a freebie, the analogy
that I like to use is blueberry
pancakes. So, Simon, I want you to
imagine that your favorite food in the
world, you love to have it. It is by far
the thing that you enjoy most is
blueberry pancakes, but only whenever
they are made in the correct way. You
[__] hate mediocre blueberry
pancakes. Does it ruin it? It ruins it
for you cuz you love blueberry pancakes.
But if someone [__] it up, it's like
you just took a great thing and you made
it and you made it not great and I hate
you for it. So you love blueberry
pancakes but you only like it whenever
it's class. So with that said, it's a
Tuesday morning. The kids are with you.
I don't know what they have in
Australia. I don't know what kind of
restaurants they have. IHOP is a popular
restaurant in the US. IHOP is just a
pancake place for context. They have
IHOP in Australia. Amazing. But you go
to IHOP, family gets out the car, you
walk into the restaurant, you sit down,
and then there's two different
scenarios. In scenario number one, the
waitress brings out to you a menu. You
open the menu and there's just text.
That's all it is. It's one of those men
that just has words. So you read through
the words and you find blueberry
pancakes. It says blueberry pancakes is
the price that has the ingredients of
what's inside blueberry pancakes. And
that is scenario number one. However,
scenario number two is you walk in, you
sit down, they give you the menus. But
as soon as you open the menu, you
realize it's not just words this time.
As soon as you open the menu, you start
to realize, oh, there's pictures. So,
you flip a couple pages, flip a couple
pages, and then you finally flip on to
the p the today's special for pancakes,
and you can see it right there. Your
blueberry [__] pancakes. A large
photo of a stack of five pancakes.
They're fluffy. There's melted butter on
the top. On the sides, you can see the
blueberries ooze out of the pancakes.
There's a perfect amount of syrup. The
pancakes are golden.
They just they look fantastic. In those
two different scenarios, which one would
you be more likely to order the
blueberry pancakes?
The one to where you can see the [__]
blueberry pancakes. You see what you're
getting or at least you see the
perception of what they of what they're
trying to build that you're going to
get. And that's exactly what you want to
do with your freebies. You don't just
say Google sheet accountability is what
all my clients use. Comment spreadsheet
and I'll send it to you.
You also, while you're saying all this
nice [__] about it,
>> chances of them making you want the
spreadsheet that me and my clients are
using to hold our clients accountable,
drop the words.
>> No, no, no, no, no. You show them the
blueberry [__] pancakes that you make
sure that the editor right here shows
what the viewer is getting. And you make
sure that
the pancakes are fluffy,
that the butter
is buttery, the blueberries are oozing
off the sides, and you make sure that
they're visually appealing to the
audience that you want to attract, and
that you want to take action on
commenting for these blue grape
pancakes. Amazing. I'll leave it at
that. So, the three things to cover on
this video review, Mr. Simon, is number
one, making sure that you have a clear
creative outcome. meaning that the
viewer goes, "Okay, here's exactly what
I'm going to get out of this. I see the
clear outcome that I'm going to achieve
from watching Simon's video." And if you
set that up, then you're going to have
much better viewer picture. And I said,
"Whenever you actually get to giving
them these steps, not only can I see
myself taking these steps, but then also
do I force you taking these steps to be
worth it? And do I believe that they
will take me to the overall outcome?"
And whenever you introduce these steps,
make sure you introduce them with a
linear narrative structure, which is
broken down in this link. And then
whenever it comes to making sure that
the viewer depiction is there, the clear
solution is there, that it's unique.
Watch this matching line. It goes over
the trinity of value. And then whenever
you make a CTA, make sure that you're
referencing back to not a resource, to
not just words on a screen with
ingredients inside, but to a photo that
visualizes every desire that your viewer
has and make sure that the Blueberry
Pancakes look [__]
fabulous and delicious.
>> Beautiful. Let's go and hop into the
second review. And if you'd like my help
in building a world-class personal brand
that brings you an abundant source of
predictable, warm leads and revenue to
your business, then there's a link to
Nexus below to see exactly what that
would look like. With that said, the
next video breakdown is going to be from
Mr. Alex, one of the most handsome
weight loss coaches on the market. And
in this breakdown, I teach not how to
change your video's value, but how to
reposition your video's value in a way
that is perceived as more valuable,
includes your viewers to the screen. a
double down on how to make your hook
stand out and actually grab your
viewers's attention and some slight
scripting tweaks that will make your
videos easier to follow. If you're
trying to lose fat, these high protein
chicken, egg, and cheese breakfast
burritos are a delicious and quick
breakfast which pack a whopping 47 g of
protein for just 530 calories and
they're perfect for meal prep. To a pan,
add 24 heck chicken sausages and mash
them up. Season with paprika and put to
the side. In the same pan, scramble 18
eggs and leave them pretty raw. One
white tortilla, one six of the sausage,
one six of the egg, 25 gram low-fat
mozzarella, some tomato, red onion, and
roll like a burrito. Lightly toast in a
pan for 2 to 3 minutes, and that is you
done.
>> All right, Alex. So, number one. Number
one. Can we just sit here and appreciate
the difference in the camera quality?
This looks so much different. It looks
so much higher quality, bro. With that
said, you uploaded a [__] recipe
video. Now, in the previous recipe
video, I was able to find a couple
things. I was like, "All right, we we
got some clear changes to make."
However, in a recipe video, it is really
difficult to point out to where a huge
mistake is made because there's not many
mistakes to make. It's very rare that
you're ever going to yap on a [__]
recipe video. Most people don't have the
issue with bread whenever it comes to
the recipe video.
So, you made all the optimizations that
we talked about in the previous video
review. So, what optimizations can we
make within this video? One of the most
obvious optimizations will always be how
can we create better looking food?
That's always meant to be number one.
However, I'm looking at this and this
looks 1,000% more appetizing than what
you showed me previously. Now, then
again, like we talked about what you
showed me previously, it was meant to
look nasty. You know what I cuz
with the way that it looked, it was
meant to look unhealthy, but it looked
like it would taste good cuz unhealthy
things taste good. So, I don't have an
issue with that. This one definitely
looks more appetizing. It looks [__]
good. I love the shot. I love the abs
[__] popping out, the titties [__]
hanging. I'm loving what I'm seeing
right now. So, there's two things. One
was just a little bit of a nitpick when
it comes to the calculation. Is there an
easier calculation than saying one six?
Cuz you're asking me to eyeball the
[__] Can you just say 3 tablespoons of
sausage? like you told me the exact
amounts to put into the pan. What is 16?
And can you do the math on that and give
me an easy calculation? Is it three
tablespoons of the sausage? Is it 3
tablespoons of the eggs? Like what what
what is the calculation that you can do
for me? That way I can be just have an
easier time putting the [__] sausage
on my burritos. Not burritos, but on my
tortillas. And then this is going to be
the main thing. It's just how can we
make this recipe stand out in a se of a
million recipes? The thing is, bro,
there's so many different people out
there that creates videos like this. So,
what can we do to make your video stand
out and have a unique factor to it? Not
only within the actual recipe itself,
but then also the framing of the recipe.
So, for example, the hook could 100% be
unique and that could be a different way
of framing the recipe. As in, let me try
to give you a good example. as in if I
were to say most things that make you
look most things that get you a six-pack
taste like [__] This is not one of
those things. All of the sudden it's
unique. It's a different way of saying
it's it's not just a typical recipe
video because you're coming at it with a
unique angle within the hook. Me being
able to spit that [__] off the top of my
head is probably why I get paid the big
bucks Mr. Alex. Now whenever it comes to
the
changing the uniqueness factor of the
actual recipe, I think it's just also
building perception as well or actually
making an X factor within the recipe. So
what I mean what I mean by that is how
can you frame this is this is better
than all the other recipes out there.
For example, is it extremely easy to
make? Are there only three ingredients
that literally your five literally a
5-year-old couldn't [__] up? Is it quick
to make? So, for example, I'm assuming
you're probably targeting people that
don't have long time because people that
lack time typically, not typically,
people that value time typically
make more money than those that don't
value time. So, can you do it in
extremely quick manner? Can you get it
done in 3 minutes? Takes three minutes
to make these breakfast burritos.
Literally, you can be out the door to
work. Literally, work can start.
Literally, your shift uh I don't know
how jobs work. Literally, your shift
works. It can start at 8, it can be 75,
it can be 7:54 and you can still get the
on time with this breakfast burrito
while hitting your macro. So, whatever
the [__] you say, it's like, okay, cool.
This is unique. This is different
framing and this, you know, I mean, this
recipe is 3 minutes to make. Cool. Or
does it actually have an actual X factor
within the recipe? Example, having a
sexy ass Chipotle sauce. with it being a
breakfast burrito. Maybe Chipotle sauce
might not be the plan. Maybe it might be
a salsa. Whatever the case might be,
some sort of extract to the mix of like,
"Oh, [__] It's not a breakfast burrito.
It's a breakfast burrito with [__]
toaster strudel and icing that I get to
dip my [__] in." You know what I mean?
Of course, that's not going to be
calorie friendly. But hopefully that
gives you a little bit of inspiration
what I mean whenever I say X factor.
What's going to make this recipe
different than all the other recipes
because of the actual recipe itself?
Like what is the X factor in the recipe?
Not in the framing of it, but in the
recipe. And that is what I would force
you to be the main optimization that we
can make because there's not much else
to change. Value per second through the
[__] roof. There's nothing here that
shouldn't be here realistically. There a
couple little optimizations you can
make. Of course, of course you can make
this optimization for the calculations.
Of course, whenever it comes to the
videography of the walkthrough of the
stuffs, it was Skype 4. You know what I
mean?
But do I think that's the biggest
bottleneck now? I know. So, find the
internet and I'll continuously make the
biggest optimization every single recipe
that you send over to me or video you
sent over to me. So, based off this
video review, what I think is the
biggest flavor that we've pulled to get
that next level of video performance is
going to be this frame here. Let me know
if Let me know if you have any questions
outside of that, Alex. So, I can 100%
say with certainty, you are improving
faster than you've ever improved. I love
these [__] videos. Are they perfect?
No. Are we going to make them perfect?
Very [__] soon. With that said, don't
slow down. I'm looking at your [__]
account. I'm not loving the amount of
times that we posted within the past two
weeks. Six videos a week at the bare
[__] minimum. Beautiful. All right,
Alex, get to work. The third video
breakdown is going to be from Mr. Aush,
one of the new players in the content
coaching field. He recently just took
his account from zero to 10,000
followers in 30 days. And he's able to
do so by implementing these three key
things that we're going to go over in
this video review. These three things
being learning how to direct his value
to his idol audience. How to script in a
way that is not only optimal for the
viewer to understand, but also in a way
that sets your editor up to make your
video easier to watch on the editor side
of things. And how to record like a
professional and captivates your
audience not only in your hook, but more
importantly throughout the entirety of
your video. So, let's take a look.
>> Is stealing other people's content
wrong? Well, it actually just depends on
how you steal it. Cool. So, couple of
things. First things first, this video
did not perform well for myself. It
performed okay, but not amazing. And
whenever that happens to me, I always
start reverse engineering. Okay, I
tested something new. It didn't work.
Why didn't it work? I'm not going to
make it work next time. For what I
noticed within Tony's videos is that his
average reaction time, as in the average
time that a reaction video is on his
video, is 6 seconds. For us, we both put
it for 3 seconds. So, watch this.
is
>> that was 3 seconds. You're making the
assumption that the viewer landed on the
page, looked at everything, looked at
you, looked at your watch, X, Y, and Z,
and then looked down at this trick,
read, "Don't steal people's content.
Don't steal people's content," and then
got on to the fact that she was saying
like she she was like trying to make you
say it in your mind to the beat. Like,
there's no way someone can process that
within 3 seconds. So, then it's just
like basically what I'm saying, make it
longer. And then also if you could have
added some more facial expression or or
more drastic facial expression that
would have been awesome. Now of course
you didn't really have time to do so
because again you only had three
seconds. So you only had one facial
expression to do and there's not really
much to do within one facial expression
within one second. With that said, you
could have made it six seconds. You
could have even you could have done a
lot of [__] like let's say for example
within the six seconds on like the
fourth or fifth second you could have
started reading it like mouth mouth
reading don't steal people's content and
bob in your head to show like to push
along the viewers understanding of this
is what she means by this and x y and z.
So long story short make the reaction
five to six seconds. Secondly let's
watch the video. Let me go and just play
the video.
>> Is stealing other people's content
wrong? Well, actually just depends on
how you steal it. If you say a word,
that's probably going to put you in the
timeout. Train limb uses this exact
strategy to average over 3 million views
over the last nine posts. He simply uses
the viral video. Ask the book all by
presenting an information gap with a
question like, exactly how inaccurate
are these? And then he goes on to answer
that question. So, here's exactly how
you can steal content for yourself and
go viral on your next video. To step
one, find a viral real within your
niche. To do this, type in a keyword
into the search bar and find a video
with over 1 million views. Next copy the
link to that video. Hit over the.com to
download it. Use the viral video hook by
over you just watching it on your phone.
Now, make facial expressions based off
of what's happening in the video to make
it not so clearly obvious you didn't
watch your [__] Now you can provide
information you value with either
question like I did in this video or
pick up where the video left off.
Further explain topic giving value. If
my video has already been proving go to
viral wants. So stealing it for your own
use isn't really stealing if you use it
for some sort of value in your video.
>> Okay. So
couple of things a couple of things.
First I want to talk about your
recording. Number one it's something
that I struggle with on my day-to-day
life that I need to be more conscious
of. But it's something I say in almost
all video reviews. I you got to stop
mumbling.
>> Naturally make facial expressions based
off what's happening in the video to
make it not so clearly obvious you ain't
watching [__] Now you can provide the
information
>> right there. right there. Do you just do
you just see that we're just missing
letters and words? We can't do that and
you don't do that whenever you during
the calls. It's only whenever I watch
the recordings. So, whenever you record
next upcoming video, just be more
conscious about pronunciation and making
sure that every single every single
syllable, every single consonant, every
single vowel is um is being utilized
within the word. Number two, uh whenever
it comes down to the giving steps to the
video, at the beginning of the video and
at the end of the video, you're really
good whenever it comes down to tonality
and pacing. However, whenever you get
down to giving steps, your tonality and
pacing goes out the [__] window and
it makes it harder to understand. Like
the the steps that you're giving,
whenever you just remove tonality and
remove pacing, it makes the steps harder
to understand. At first, I was like,
"Fuck, he must have done some [__] up
[__] in the script." Whenever I first
watched this, cuz it's like, "This is
more complex than it needs to be." But
whenever I broke down the script, I
didn't feel like there was a lot of
words missing. Like, there's definitely
some things that made the script a
little bit like, "What the [__] We need
to change this." But I want you to
listen to this right here. So, here is
exactly how you can steal content for
yourself and go viral on your next
video. Step one, find a viral reel
within your niche. To do this, type in a
keyword into the search bar and find a
video with over 1 million views. Next,
copy the link to that video and head
over to snabinsta.com to you're just
reading. Like, you're not pasting the
information. You're just [__]
reading. So, there's words that you
definitely want to spend more time on.
So, for example, step one, find a viral
video in your niche. Now to do this,
type in a keyword into the search bar
and find any video over 1 million views
and then next comma and then you go into
the next thing. And it's just like
giving that pacing in between, hey, step
one, comma, and then going into this
step and then slowing down your language
for things that are going to take more
time to understand. For example,
snapinsta.com,
not snapinsta.com. No, no, no, no.
Snapinsta.com.
He wasn't going to type that in. and he
also want to give the editor enough time
to type that in and the viewer be able
to understand what the [__] is going on.
So, number one, record in mind of
editing because right now the editing is
moving really really fast because you're
moving really really fast. And don't get
me wrong, I'm definitely on the faster
side of speaking. I like I I enjoy it.
However, you can still speak fast, but
add importance and ease of understanding
and that's it. add importance and ease
of and ease of understanding by working
on your tonality and your pacing
whenever you give steps because right
here just it just felt like you were
just reading. It did not feel like you
were recording or filming. It felt like
you were [__] reading
>> viral reel within your niche. To do
this, go viral on your next video. Step
one, find a viral reel within your
niche. To do this, type in a keyword
into the search bar and find a video
with over 1 million views. Next, copy
the link to that video and head over to
snabinsta.com to download it. Use this
viral. There's no [__] way that
anyone could watch that the first time
and know what to do. Like, we're just
moving so fast.
>> Video is hooked by overlaying it on a
clip of you just watching it on your
phone. Naturally make facial
expressions.
>> Like, you see how we're not [__]
pacing? Like, it's just like we're going
next, next, next, next. And there's no
[__] pacing. And it's only within the
steps. It feels like throughout the
entirety of the video. Apparently, there
are a couple optimizations we can make.
Yeah, we were pretty good about it for
majority of the video, but whenever we
get to the steps, it just go downhill.
Anyways, so let's get to the [__]
video review. All right, so uh first
things first in the beginning lesson
is stealing other people's content
wrong.
>> Nobody gives a [__] You played on
morals and ethics in general, not
desires and pains. So if you're going to
play the morals and ethics card, don't
be general about it. Speak to the
individual. Does it make you a dick to
steal the people's content? Well, no.
Not if you do it the right way. The
thing is, no one has a strong opinion
about is it wrong or is it right to
steal people's content unless their
content gets stolen. However, if their
content gets stolen, they already get
[__] views. So, these people that
don't get any [__] views don't give a
[__] on if it's morally, ethical, or not
because they want to steal videos
because they want to get more [__]
views. So, you got to speak to the
individual and know who you're speaking
to. So, does it make you a dick? Not
does does it make people a dick if they
steal people's does it make you a dick
if you steal other people's content?
Well, no if you do it if you do it the
right way. And now we're creating the
question in the viewer's mind of not
does it make me a dick, but we're
creating the question in the viewer's
mind of well what is the right way. And
you see how we kind of swapped that out
a little bit. So that's number one.
Okay, let me open up the rest for the
script. Okay, so after you say oh well
depends on how you steal it. If you just
say it word for word and that's probably
going to get you put in timeout. Is that
supposed to make me scared? Is that
gonna supposed to drive pain? Is that
supposed to tell me on why it's bad? No,
it doesn't. It's not working.
Why is this bad? What does timeout mean?
What is I What the [__] does that mean?
What does that have to do with me?
That's the main thing I want to be I
want to be answered. This means nothing.
And then you just say, so you go, if you
say word for word, then that's probably
going to get you put in timeout. Chain
bloom uses this exact strategy. What the
[__] There was no transition in
between. This is what you don't do and
this is what you do do. As in but but
but like I said, if you but if you just
react to a video at the beginning of
your video or but if you just borrow the
interest of that video at the beginning
and then add value on top of it, then
that makes you that that doesn't make
you a dick. That makes you smart. Train
Bloom uses, for example, Train Bloom
uses the exact strategy. Holy [__] This
why I get paid the big bucks.
Cool. And then you say, for example,
chain bloom uses blah blah blah blah
blah. And now we've transitioned from
this is bad and then this is what is
good and here's what you want to do.
Awesome. Then you go on to saying, hey,
here's what you do to do this. And then
you give them three steps. However, you
don't give them a linear narrative
structure. So I have no safety as the
viewer on knowing when the video is
going to end. I'm pretty sure you're
there for that mastermind. So I don't
have to send it to you. But hey, here's
exactly how you can steal content for
yourself. No, no, no, no. Here's exactly
how you can use this strategy and go
viral on your next video in three simple
steps. Step one, blah blah blah blah
blah. Second to last thing, uh, use this
viral video's hook by overlaying it on a
clip you just of you just watching it on
your phone. Naturally make facial
expressions based on what's happening to
the video. Swap those two things. Also,
I cut whatever the [__] was below this.
It was like some sort of joke of like
act like you're [__] watching it. I
don't think that I added anything to the
video. Sorry, I moved it here. The
biggest problem is is that it doesn't
logically make sense. The way that the
viewer is going to take this step is
that they record the reaction and then
they add the video on top of it within
the within the editing, not the other
way around it, which is how you framed
it. So, no, you you re So, you play the
video on your phone and then as you're
watching the video, make make
a 15% more dramatic facial expressions
based on what's happening in the video.
Then take that recording and then
overlay a clip of and overlay the viral
video, blah blah blah blah blah. And
that makes more logical sense and is how
the viewer is actually going to
implement the information, not the way
that you framed it.
And then lastly, you're still playing on
morals and ethics talking about a topic
the viewer much like there's no strong
opinions about. Unless they're going
violent. People are stealing their
[__] content. They don't give a [__]
about this topic. No one's ever had a
debate about is stealing content moral
or not. Unless they're [__] getting
their content stolen. If they're not
getting the [__] content stolen, no
one gives a [__]
So don't play on this [__] The video is
already proven to go viral once. So
stealing it for your own use isn't
really stealing if you provide some sort
of value in your video. No, the video is
already proven to go viral once. So
whenever you put it on your video,
you're guaranteed to go viral. You're
guarante you're guaranteed to go viral.
And then if you want to add in, you're
you're guaranteed to not look like a
dick but still go viral. You could say
that. But main thing is is going [__]
viral. It's the only thing I give a [__]
about as the viewer. I don't give a [__]
about these morals and ethics. [__]
morals and ethics. We make money.
We make money. Cool. I use everything I
said within this video. This is a good
video for you to look at. Analyze
everything and analyze everything within
this video review. Don't [__] mumble
in your videos. Secondly, uh whenever
you're giving steps, that's where I
notice it is make sure that you're using
tonady and pacing not only for
engagement but then also for ease of
understanding. If you say step one,
comma, find a viral video within your
niche. Period. Now, to do this, comma,
type in a keyword into the search bar
and find any video over 1 million views.
Now that you're there, once you find
one, once you find one, then step once
you find one, then then next, go ahead
and copy the link to that video and then
head over to snapinsta.com
to download it. Then lastly, there's
just some things here that's like [__]
up. This is just like you have to
transition.
This linear narrative structure. Anytime
you say step in a video, you make a
[__] linear narrative structure. This
is just thinking viewer depictable as in
can the viewer actually see themselves
taking these steps? Could they see
themselves taking these steps? Yes. Is
it confusing? Also yes, because it's not
in the order that I would take these
steps. Then lastly, make sure that
you're speaking to the viewer and you
have that viewer in mind. Unless they're
going viral in their like train bloom to
where people actually steal their
[__] content, they don't give a [__]
They don't give a [__] So, know who
you're speaking to. Speak to those
desires of the individual. Let's get to
this [__] money. Let me know in the
comments if you found this to be
valuable and what your key takeaways
were from these video breakdowns. And as
long as you guys liked these video
breakdowns and I'll continue to post
more of them. And if you want me to
break down your content and help you
build a world-class personal brand that
builds your business, then feel free to
message me the word bread and we'll take
care of you from